README.md, before:

## 平民·寻梦 (Pingmin Fenlly Liu)


### 格言/座右铭 (Motto)

" 生命只有一次 / 从心而为 | 自由民主 / Think Copyleft | 苟全性命于乱世，不求闻达于诸候 / 静以修身，简以养德；淡泊明志，宁静致远 / 久在樊笼里，不得返自然 | Good Luck / 祝你好运 "

" You're Only Live Once (YOLO) / Follow Your Heart | Liberal Democracy / Think Copyleft | ... "


### 联系方式 (Contact Info)

首选 Signal (暗号) (The Signal Messenger is preferred).

参见 (See also): https://signal.org .

#### Signal & Phone

+86 150 xxxx xxxx ( ^_^ )

#### iMessage & Email

Pingmin(at)Fenlly.org  [ "(at)" >> "@" ]


### 个人网站 (Personal Websites)

#### 主页 (Home Page)

https://pingmin.me

#### 博客 (Blog)

https://pingmin.blog


### 社交网络 (Social Network)

#### 微信公众号 (WeChat Official Account)

名称 (Name) : 平民梦PingminDream

ID : PingminDream

#### 推特 (Twitter)

https://twitter.com/iPingmin

#### 脸书 (Facebook)

https://www.facebook.com/iPingmin

Commit message:

Add my Session Messenger's ID and update the notes

README.md, after:

## 平民·寻梦 (Pingmin Fenlly Liu)


### 格言/座右铭 (Motto)

" 生命只有一次 / 从心而为 | 自由民主 / Think Copyleft | 苟全性命于乱世，不求闻达于诸候 / 静以修身，简以养德；淡泊明志，宁静致远 / 久在樊笼里，不得返自然 | Good Luck / 祝你好运 "

" You're Only Live Once (YOLO) / Follow Your Heart | Liberal Democracy / Think Copyleft | ... "


### 联系方式 (Contact Info)

首选“Signal (暗号)”和“Session (会话)”通讯工具，因为它们都是端到端加密的。
希望将来 Signal 能把 Session 的一些新特性（比如无需手机号、采用洋葱路由网络等），
尽管这在一定程序上会影响用户体验（The Signal and Session Messengers are preferred,
because they are both End-to-End encrypted. Hope Signal will merge the new
features of Session(e.g.: don't need phone number and use onion routing),
even though this will impact on user experience in someway)。

参见 (See also): https://signal.org and https://getsession.org .

#### Signal Messenger & Phone

+86 150 xxxx xxxx ( ^_^ )

#### Session Messenger

Session ID: 05e19ab979af21832995678a40815249a021e01fb104749856cd7d343809ca652b

#### iMessage & Email

Pingmin(at)Fenlly.org  [ "(at)" >> "@" ]


### 个人网站 (Personal Websites)

#### 主页 (Home Page)

https://pingmin.me

#### 博客 (Blog)

https://pingmin.blog


### 社交网络 (Social Network)

#### 微信公众号 (WeChat Official Account)

名称 (Name) : 平民梦PingminDream

ID : PingminDream

#### 推特 (Twitter)

https://twitter.com/iPingmin

#### 脸书 (Facebook)

https://www.facebook.com/iPingmin
